todo.md, before:

# Immediate next steps

- [RE: subpages] 'Sectionalise' pages so, for example, activities can have a workshops section and an events section

- [RE: Quicklinks] Add a 'contact' link that activates 'Particitpation' overlay

- [RE: overlays] Take a second look at 'get in touch' page; could use another pass for layout

- [RE: overlays - images] Add loading icon to images, or find faster way to load images

# Future goals

- [RE: Posting to Activities page] Incorporate Google Apps CMS to allow easy update posts events page

- [RE: Quickinks dropdown] add nested dropdowns for individual class links (for now a separate page will have to do)

- Horizontally scrollable images in overlay so no info is lost on small screens

- Add link to github workshops

## Partially Completed

- [RE: p5 sketch on landing page] Create p5 API that facilitates third party creation of responsive sketches

- [RE: subpages] Create outline pages for About, Academics, Activities


## Completed

- [RE: REsponsiveness] Responsive Header: Turn 'About|Academics|Activities' into a drop down menu below certain widths.

- [RE: Responsiveness] Update responsiveness
  - Actionable buttons section needs to be changed for portrait screens
  - Sketch area needs to be changed for portrait screens (Are we attempting to keep the 16x9ish aspect for portrait screens, or mandating that the sketches themselves must be responsive, OR asking for vertical sketches as well?)

- [RE: Main  Sketch] Add temporary sketch

- [RE: Usability] Convert current divs to useful tags (buttons, links, etc)

- [RE: Overlays] Create overlay system for actionable buttons

- [RE: overlays] fill out templates for the other two overlays (Examples and Participation)

- [RE: overlays] Update social media icons

Commit message:

Update todo with cms completion

todo.md, after:

# Immediate next steps

- Condsider a static subdomain (static.nyuad.im?) for p5 sketches and plain html.

# Future goals

- [RE: Quicklinks] Add a 'contact' link that activates 'Particitpation' overlay

- [RE: overlays - images] Add loading icon to images, or find faster way to load images

- [RE: subpages] 'Sectionalise' pages so, for example, activities can have a workshops section and an events section

- [RE: Posting to Activities page] Incorporate Google Apps CMS to allow easy update posts events page

- [RE: Quickinks dropdown] add nested dropdowns for individual class links (for now a separate page will have to do)

- [RE: overlays] Take a second look at 'get in touch' page; could use another pass for layout

- Horizontally scrollable images in overlay so no info is lost on small screens?

- Add link to github workshops

## Partially Completed

- [RE: p5 sketch on landing page] Create p5 API that facilitates third party creation of responsive sketches

- [RE: subpages] Create outline pages for About, Academics, Activities


## Completed

-[RE: CMS] Port site to Grav, a flat-file cms with full-featured admin panel

- [RE: Responsiveness] Responsive Header: Turn 'About|Academics|Activities' into a drop down menu below certain widths.

- [RE: Responsiveness] Update responsiveness
  - Actionable buttons section needs to be changed for portrait screens
  - Sketch area needs to be changed for portrait screens (Are we attempting to keep the 16x9ish aspect for portrait screens, or mandating that the sketches themselves must be responsive, OR asking for vertical sketches as well?)

- [RE: Main  Sketch] Add temporary sketch

- [RE: Usability] Convert current divs to useful tags (buttons, links, etc)

- [RE: Overlays] Create overlay system for actionable buttons

- [RE: overlays] fill out templates for the other two overlays (Examples and Participation)

- [RE: overlays] Update social media icons
